[OSDOCS#17176]: Make changes as per the errors and warnings for CQA-4 (#114267)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/containers-signature-verify-application.adoc

[id="containers-signature-verify-application_{context}"]
= Verifying the signature verification configuration

[role="_abstract"]

> After you apply the machine configs to the cluster, the Machine Config Controller detects the new `MachineConfig` object and generates a new `rendered-worker-<hash>` version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[role="_abstract"]
After you apply the machine configs to the cluster, you can verify that the Machine Config Controller detected the new `MachineConfig` object and generated a new `rendered-worker-<hash>` version.
```
